chore: add prettier for markdown and astro formatting (#2153)
namehash/ensnode: docs/ensnode.io/src/content/docs/docs/reference/contributing/formatting.mdx

---
title: Formatting with Biome and Prettier
sidebar:
  label: Formatting
  order: 6
---

> We use Biome to format most of the codebase, and Prettier to cover the rest:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We use Biome to format most of the code in the ENSNode monorepo, and Prettier to cover the rest:
```

- Biome handles JS, TS, JSON, CSS, and the frontmatter of `.astro` files.

> - Prettier handles Markdown (`.md` and `.mdx`) across the repo, and the template portion of `.astro` files in `docs/ensnode.io` and `docs/ensrainbow.io` via [`prettier-plugin-astro`](https://github.com/withastro/prettier-plugin-astro). The `astroSkipFrontmatter: true` option keeps the frontmatter under Biome's ownership.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Prettier handles Markdown (`.md` and `.mdx`) across the monorepo, and the template portion of `.astro` files in `docs/ensnode.io` and `docs/ensrainbow.io` via [`prettier-plugin-astro`](https://github.com/withastro/prettier-plugin-astro). The `astroSkipFrontmatter: true` option keeps the frontmatter under Biome's ownership.
```
